2college.magister.net;2College
2college.magister.net;2College Cobbenhagen
2college.magister.net;2College De Nieuwste School
2college.magister.net;2College Durendael
2college.magister.net;2College Jozefmavo
2college.magister.net;2College Ruiven
2college.magister.net;2College Wandelbos
accent.magister.net;Accent Nijkerk
hoekschlyceum.magister.net;Actief College - Hoeksch Lyceum
adelbert.magister.net;Adelbert College
landstedevo.magister.net;Agnieten College
atscholen.magister.net;Alberdingk Thijm College
atscholen.magister.net;Alberdingk Thijm Mavo
alfrink.magister.net;Alfrink College
alkwin.magister.net;Alkwin Kollege
almende.magister.net;Almende College Bluemers
almende.magister.net;Almende College Isala
almende.magister.net;Almende College Wesenthorst
almerecollege.magister.net;Almere College Dronten
almerecollege.magister.net;Almere College Kampen
pcsintjoris.magister.net;Aloysius / De Roosten
aloysius.magister.net;Aloysius College
amadeus.magister.net;Amadeus Lyceum
msa.magister.net;Amstellyceum
annavanrijn.magister.net;Anna van Rijn College
pcsintjoris.magister.net;Antoon Schellenscollege
groenewelle.magister.net;AOC De Groene Welle Hardenberg
groenewelle.magister.net;AOC De Groene Welle Zwolle
aocoost.magister.net;AOC Oost
aocoost.magister.net;AOC Oost Locatie Almelo
aocoost.magister.net;AOC Oost Locatie Borculo
aocoost.magister.net;AOC Oost Locatie Doetinchem
aocoost.magister.net;AOC Oost Locatie Enschede
aocoost.magister.net;AOC Oost Locatie Lochem
aocoost.magister.net;AOC Oost Locatie Twello
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Assen
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Eelde
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Emmen
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Groene School Winsum
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Groningen
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Locatie De Brake
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Locatie Ripperda
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Meppel
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Oldekerk
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Onderwijsgroep Noord
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra TerraNext
aocterra.magister.net;AOC Terra Wolvega
zaamzuid.magister.net;Apolloschool
arentheem.magister.net;Arentheem College locatie Baken Warnsborn
arentheem.magister.net;Arentheem College locatie Leerpark Presikhaaf
arentheem.magister.net;Arentheem College locatie Middachten
arentheem.magister.net;Arentheem College locatie Thomas a Kempis
arentheem.magister.net;Arentheem College locatie Titus Brandsma
hageveld.magister.net;Atheneum College Hageveld
atlas.magister.net;Atlas College
atlas.magister.net;Atlas College Copernicus SG
atlas.magister.net;Atlas College OSG West-Friesland
atlas.magister.net;Atlas College SG De Dijk
atlas.magister.net;Atlas College SG De Triade
atlas.magister.net;Atlas College VMBO Titaan
aog.magister.net;Atlas Onderwijsgroep
aog.magister.net;Atlas Onderwijsgroep Locatie Rijswijk
aog.magister.net;Atlas Onderwijsgroep Lyceum Ypenburg
avicenna.magister.net;Avicenna College
bhc.magister.net;Baanderherencollege
baudartius.magister.net;Baudartius College
broekhinrm.magister.net;BC Broekhin Reuver
broekhinrm.magister.net;BC Broekhin Roermond
broekhinsw.magister.net;BC Broekhin Swalmen
beatrix.magister.net;Beatrix College
geldersmozaiek.magister.net;Beekdal Lyceum
berechja.magister.net;Berechja College
berger.magister.net;Berger SG
zaamnoord.magister.net;Bernard Nieuwentijt College
sovozaanstad.magister.net;Bertrand Russel College
beukelsdijk.magister.net;Beukelsdijk
beukenrodeonderwijs.magister.net;Beukenrode-Onderwijs
zaamoost.magister.net;Bindelmeer College
blariacum.magister.net;Blariacumcollege
cvozwfryslan.magister.net;Bogerman Koudum
cvozwfryslan.magister.net;Bogerman Sneek
cvozwfryslan.magister.net;Bogerman Wommels
bonaventura.magister.net;Bonaventuracollege
bonhoeffer.magister.net;Bonhoeffer College
bonifatiusmavo.magister.net;Bonifatius mavo
bonnefanten.magister.net;Bonnefanten College
nieuwzuid.magister.net;BOOR
bbc.magister.net;Bouwens van der Boije College
broeckland.magister.net;Broeckland College
sgwalda.magister.net;Burgemeester Walda SG
cals.magister.net;Cals College
cals.magister.net;Cals College IJsselstein
cals.magister.net;Cals College Nieuwegein
calvijn.magister.net;Calvijn College Goes
calvijn.magister.net;Calvijn College Krabbendijke
calvijn.magister.net;Calvijn College Middelburg
calvijn.magister.net;Calvijn College Tholen
zaamwest.magister.net;Calvijn met Junior College
candea.magister.net;Candea College
canisius.magister.net;Canisius College
capellen.magister.net;Capellenborg Wijhe
helmond.magister.net;Carolus Borromeus College
landstedevo.magister.net;Carolus Clusius College
noordgouw.magister.net;Chr. College de Noordgouw Hattem
noordgouw.magister.net;Chr. College de Noordgouw Heerde
depopulier.magister.net;Chr. College De Populier
groevenbeek.magister.net;Chr. College Groevenbeek
ccnv.magister.net;Chr. College Nassau-Veluwe
schaersvoorde.magister.net;Chr. College Schaersvoorde
cgbn.magister.net;Chr. Gymnasium Beyers Naud?
sorghvliet.magister.net;Chr. Gymnasium Sorghvliet
clv.magister.net;Chr. Lyceum Veenendaal
desaad.magister.net;Chr. Mavo De Saad
deboog.magister.net;Chr. Praktijkschool De Boog
csgwalcheren.magister.net;Chr. SG Walcheren
vmboharderwijk.magister.net;Chr. VMBO-Harderwijk
cgu.magister.net;Christelijk Gymnasium Utrecht
cl-apeldoorn.magister.net;Christelijk Lyceum Apeldoorn
chrlyceumdelft.magister.net;Christelijk Lyceum Delft
huygenscollege.magister.net;Christiaan Huygens College
citadel.magister.net;Citadel College
arubano.magister.net;Colegio Arubano
heemlanden.magister.net;College de Heemlanden
zaamoost.magister.net;College De Meer
denhulster.magister.net;College Den Hulster
zaamwest.magister.net;Comenius Lyceum
commanderij.magister.net;Commanderij College
sovozaanstad.magister.net;Compaen College
coornhert.magister.net;Coornhert Gymnasium
20RF.magister.net;Coornhert Lyceum
corderius.magister.net;Corderius College
corlaer.magister.net;Corlaer College
msa.magister.net;Cosmicus Monterssori Lyceum
csvvg.magister.net;CS Vincent van Gogh
csvvg.magister.net;CS Vincent van Gogh Lariks
csvvg.magister.net;CS Vincent van Gogh Salland
ams.magister.net;CSG Anna Maria van Schurman
csgbeilen.magister.net;CSG Beilen
buitenveldert.magister.net;CSG Buitenveldert
comenius.magister.net;CSG Comenius
delagewaard.magister.net;CSG De Lage Waard
dingstede.magister.net;CSG Dingstede
eekeringe.magister.net;CSG Eekeringe
ghlyceum.magister.net;CSG Groene Hart Leerpark
ghlyceum.magister.net;CSG Groene Hart Lyceum
ghlyceum.magister.net;CSG Groene Hart Rijnwoude
ghlyceum.magister.net;CSG Groene Hart Topmavo
noordik.magister.net;CSG Het Noordik Almelo
noordik.magister.net;CSG Het Noordik Vriezenveen
noordik.magister.net;CSG Het Noordik Vroomshoop
hetstreek.magister.net;CSG Het Streek
ja.magister.net;CSG Jan Arentsz
reggesteyn.magister.net;CSG Reggesteyn
ulbevanhouten.magister.net;CSG Ulbe van Houten
zwijger.magister.net;CSG Willem de Zwijger Schoonhoven
dewillem.magister.net;CSG Willem van Oranje
zandvliet.magister.net;CSG Zandvliet
decsv.magister.net;CSV Veenendaal
cvotgooi.magister.net;CVO 't Gooi
cvotgooi.magister.net;CVO 't Gooi College de OpMaat
cvotgooi.magister.net;CVO 't Gooi Comenius College
cvotgooi.magister.net;CVO 't Gooi Hilfertsheem-Beatrix
cvotgooi.magister.net;CVO 't Gooi Savornin Lohman
zaamoost.magister.net;Cygnus Gymnasium
davinci.magister.net;Da Vinci College
daafgeluk.magister.net;Daaf Gelukschool
dacapo.magister.net;DaCapo College
daltondenhaag.magister.net;Dalton Den Haag
ozhw.magister.net;Dalton Lyceum Barendrecht
zaamnoord.magister.net;Damstede
baander.magister.net;De Baander
bolster.magister.net;De Bolster
pcsintjoris.magister.net;De Burgh
zaamzaandam.magister.net;De Faam
gsgleovroman.magister.net;De Goudse SG Leo Vroman
ozhw.magister.net;De Goudse Waarden
sgdenhaag.magister.net;De Haagse
heemgaard.magister.net;De Heemgaard
demaat.magister.net;De Maat
denassau.magister.net;De Nassau SG
depijler.magister.net;De Pijler School voor Praktijkonderwijs
piloot.magister.net;De Piloot
rijzert.magister.net;De Rijzert
derooipannen.magister.net;De Rooi Pannen
derooipannen.magister.net;De Rooi Pannen Breda
derooipannen.magister.net;De Rooi Pannen Eindhoven
derooipannen.magister.net;De Rooi Pannen Tilburg
schakel.magister.net;De Schakel
utrechtse.magister.net;De Utrechtse School
viaan.magister.net;De Viaan
vszh.magister.net;De Vrije School Den Haag
capellen.magister.net;De Zeven Linden Dedemsvaart
zwengel.magister.net;De Zwengel - Helmond
zwengel.magister.net;De Zwengel - Veldhoven
zwengel.magister.net;De Zwengel - Vught
dendron.magister.net;Dendron College
disdh.magister.net;Deutsche internationale Schule Den Haag
dockinga.magister.net;Dockingacollege
dominicus.magister.net;Dominicus College
donbosco.magister.net;Don Bosco College
dongemond.magister.net;Dongemond college
dongemond.magister.net;Dongemond college Made
dongemond.magister.net;Dongemond college Raamsdonksveer
dorenweerd.magister.net;Dorenweerd College
aletta.magister.net;dr. Aletta Jacobs College
helmond.magister.net;Dr.-Knippenbergcollege
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Assen
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Coevorden
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Emmen
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Hardenberg
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Hoogeveen
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Meppel
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Roden
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Ruinen
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Steenwijk
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Winschoten
dc.magister.net;Drenthe College Zwolle
dspierson.magister.net;Ds. Pierson College
duinenkruid.magister.net;Duin en Kruidberg mavo
eckart.magister.net;Eckartcollege
edudelta.magister.net;Edudelta Onderwijsgroep
edudelta.magister.net;Edudelta Onderwijsgroep Barendrecht
edudelta.magister.net;Edudelta Onderwijsgroep Goes
edudelta.magister.net;Edudelta Onderwijsgroep Middelharnis
eemsdelta.magister.net;Eemsdeltacollege
eclh.magister.net;Eerste Christelijke Lyceum Haarlem
elde.magister.net;Elde College
elzendaalboxmeer.magister.net;Elzendaalcollege Boxmeer
elzendaalgennep.magister.net;Elzendaalcollege Gennep
emelwerda.magister.net;Emelwerda College
emmaus.magister.net;Emmauscollege
erasmiaans.magister.net;Erasmiaans Gymnasium
erasmus.magister.net;Erasmus College
erfgooiers.magister.net;Erfgooiers College
esdal.magister.net;Esdal College
esdal.magister.net;Esdal College Borger
esdal.magister.net;Esdal College Emmen
esdal.magister.net;Esdal College Klazienaveen
esdal.magister.net;Esdal College Oosterhesselen
esloo.magister.net;Esloo Onderwijsgroep College St. Paul
esloo.magister.net;Esloo Onderwijsgroep Corbulo College
esloo.magister.net;Esloo Onderwijsgroep Diamant College
esloo.magister.net;Esloo Onderwijsgroep Esloo Praktijkonderwijs
esloo.magister.net;Esloo Onderwijsgroep I.C.Edith Stein
esloo.magister.net;Esloo Onderwijsgroep Montaigne Lyceum
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholen AICS
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholen Berlage Lyceum
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholen Cartesius Lyceum
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholen Het 4e Gymnasium
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholen Marcanti College
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholen Mondriaan
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholen Nova College Amsterdam
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholen Wissel
esprit.magister.net;Esprit Scholengroep
passie.magister.net;Evang. School voor VO de Passie Utrecht
farel.magister.net;Farel College Amersfoort
fioretti.magister.net;Fioretti College
fivel.magister.net;Fivelcollege
flexcollege.magister.net;Flexcollege Nijmegen
fonsvitae.magister.net;Fons Vitae Lyceum
francoisvatel.magister.net;Francois Vatelschool
frieslandcollege.magister.net;Friesland College Educatie
frieslandcollege.magister.net;Friesland College Heerenveen
frieslandcollege.magister.net;Friesland College Leeuwarden
frieslandcollege.magister.net;Friesland College Sneek
futura.magister.net;Futura College
gymnhilversum.magister.net;Gemeentelijk Gymnasium Hilversum
ozhw.magister.net;Gemini College Lekkerkerk
ozhw.magister.net;Gemini College Ridderkerk
gerritkomrijcollege.magister.net;Gerrit Komrij College
grc.magister.net;Gerrit Rietveld College
zaamzuid.magister.net;Gerrit van der Veen College
globe.magister.net;Globe College
gomarus.magister.net;Gomarus College Groningen
engelbrecht.magister.net;Graaf Engelbrecht
ghc.magister.net;Graaf Huyn College
gc.magister.net;Graafschap College
glr.magister.net;Grafisch Lyceum Rotterdam
greijdanus.magister.net;Greijdanus Enschede
greijdanus.magister.net;Greijdanus Hardenberg
greijdanus.magister.net;Greijdanus Meppel
greijdanus.magister.net;Greijdanus Zwolle
grienden.magister.net;Griendencollege-VMBO
atscholen.magister.net;Groot Goylant
grotiuscollege.magister.net;Grotius College Delft
parkstad.magister.net;Grotius College Heerlen
guido.magister.net;GSG Guido De Bres
schylgerjouw.magister.net;GSG 't Schylger Jouw
gsgpo.magister.net;GSGPO
gwendoline.magister.net;Gwendoline van Puttenschool
beekvliet.magister.net;Gymnasium Beekvliet
bernrode.magister.net;Gymnasium Bernrode
celeanum.magister.net;Gymnasium Celeanum
felisenum.magister.net;Gymnasium Felisenum
haganum.magister.net;Gymnasium Haganum
juvenaat.magister.net;Gymnasium Juvenaat
novum.magister.net;Gymnasium Novum
werkman.magister.net;H.N. Werkman College
hml.magister.net;Haags Montessori Lyceum
haarlemcollege.magister.net;Haarlem College
hlml.magister.net;Haarlemmermeer Lyceum
barger.magister.net;Haemstede Barger VMBO-T
19EQ.magister.net;Hartenlustschool
notredame.magister.net;Havo Notre Dame des Anges
vobo.magister.net;Heerbeeck College
heerenlanden.magister.net;Heerenlanden College
hpc.magister.net;Hendrik Pierson College
hvc.magister.net;Herbert Vissers College
hermannwesselink.magister.net;Hermann Wesselink College
hervion.magister.net;Hervion College
hlw.magister.net;Hervormd Lyceum West
hlz.magister.net;Hervormd Lyceum Zuid
amsterdams.magister.net;Het Amsterdams Lyceum
hetatrium.magister.net;Het Atrium
scz.magister.net;Het Atrium Zoetermeer
collegevos.magister.net;Het College Vos
osgerasmus.magister.net;Het Erasmus
pontessg.magister.net;Het Goese Lyceum
sgdenhaag.magister.net;Het Haagsch Vakcollege
hogeland.magister.net;Het Hogeland College
hogeland.magister.net;Het Hogeland College Uithuizen
hogeland.magister.net;Het Hogeland College Wehe-den Hoorn
hetkwadrant.magister.net;Het Kwadrant Bergen op Zoom
mollerlyceum.magister.net;Het Ravelijn Steenbergen
schoonhovens.magister.net;Het Schoonhovens College
segmentgouda.magister.net;Het Segment
hetstedelijk.magister.net;Het Stedelijk Lyceum Enschede
hetstedelijk.magister.net;Het Stedelijk Lyceum Scholingsboulevard Enschede
sgdenhaag.magister.net;Het Wateringse Veld College
20tz.magister.net;Het Westeraam
sgdenhaag.magister.net;Het Zuid-West College
starnuman.magister.net;Heyerdahl College
hofstede.magister.net;Hofstede Praktijkschool
zaamnoord.magister.net;Hogelant
hoofdvaart.magister.net;Hoofdvaart College
hmlc.magister.net;Hout- en Meubileringscollege HMC Amsterdam
hmlc.magister.net;Hout- en Meubileringscollege HMC Rotterdam
houtens.magister.net;Houtens
zaamzuid.magister.net;Huygens College Amsterdam
huygens.magister.net;Huygens College Heerhugowaard
ichthus.magister.net;Ichthus College
atscholen.magister.net;ICT Campus Hilversum
idcollege.magister.net;ID College
zaamwest.magister.net;Iedersland College
ijburg.magister.net;IJburg College
ijsselcollege.magister.net;IJsselcollege
ivodeurne.magister.net;Instelling VO Deurne
ivodeurne.magister.net;Instelling VO Deurne Alfrinkcollege
ivodeurne.magister.net;Instelling VO Deurne Hub van Doornecollege
ivodeurne.magister.net;Instelling VO Deurne Peellandcollege
blankestijn.magister.net;Instituut Blankestijn
insula.magister.net;Insula College
hofstadcollege.magister.net;Interconf. Hofstadcollege Heldring VMBO
hofstadcollege.magister.net;Interconf. Hofstadcollege Hofstad Lyceum
hofstadcollege.magister.net;Interconf. Hofstadcollege Hofstad Mavo
isw.magister.net;Interconf. Scholengroep Westland
atscholen.magister.net;International School Almere
atscholen.magister.net;International School Hilversum
arcus.magister.net;ISG Arcus
ivadriebergen.magister.net;IVA Driebergen
pleysier.magister.net;J.C. Pleysierschool
pleysier.magister.net;J.C. Pleysierschool Het Palmhuis
pleysier.magister.net;J.C. Pleysierschool Transvaal College
pleysier.magister.net;J.C. Pleysierschool Westerbeek College
pleysier.magister.net;J.C. Pleysierschool Zefier
jpthijsse.magister.net;Jac. P. Thijsse College
jacob-roelandslyceum.magister.net;Jacob-Roelandslyceum
jfsg.magister.net;Jacobus Fruytier SG
tinbergen.magister.net;Jan Tinbergen College
jeroenbosch.magister.net;Jeroen Bosch College
projoannes.magister.net;Joannesschool voor Praktijkonderwijs
projoannes.magister.net;Joannesschool voor Praktijkonderwijs Bemmel
jdw.magister.net;Johan de Witt Scholengroep
jdw.magister.net;Johan de Witt Scholengroep City+ College
jdw.magister.net;Johan de Witt Scholengroep Varias College
swaef.magister.net;Johannes de Swaef voor PRO
jfc.magister.net;Johannes Fontanus College
kajmunk.magister.net;Kaj Munk College
kalsbeek.magister.net;Kalsbeek College
kandinsky.magister.net;Kandinsky College
sgvvs.magister.net;Karel de Grote College Nijmegen
ksgh.magister.net;Kath. SG Hoofddorp
keizerkarel.magister.net;Keizer Karel College
vobo.magister.net;Kempenhorst College
kennemer.magister.net;Kennemer College
kennemerlyceum.magister.net;Kennemer Lyceum Overveen
kranenburg.magister.net;Kranenburgschool
kwcollege.magister.net;Krimpenerwaard College
kse.magister.net;KSE Etten-Leur
breul.magister.net;KSG De Breul
sgkwadrant.magister.net;Kwadrant Scholengroep Cambreur College
sgkwadrant.magister.net;Kwadrant Scholengroep Dongen
sgkwadrant.magister.net;Kwadrant Scholengroep Hanze College
atscholen.magister.net;Laar en Berg
landstedevo.magister.net;Landstede Groep VO Zwolle eo
landstedevavo.magister.net;Landstede Groep Volwasseneneducatie Gelderland
laurentius.magister.net;Laurentius Praktijkschool
leeuwenborgh.magister.net;Leeuwenborgh Opleidingen
lis.magister.net;Leidse Instrumentenmakers School
davinci.magister.net;Leonardo College
libanon.magister.net;Libanon Lyceum
liemers.magister.net;Liemers College
lindecollege.magister.net;Linde College
vozuid.magister.net;LMC VO zuid
vozuid.magister.net;LMC VO zuid Palmentuin
vozuid.magister.net;LMC VO zuid Slinge
vozuid.magister.net;LMC VO zuid Veenoord
vonoord.magister.net;LMC-VO Rotterdam Noord
lcl.magister.net;Lorentz Casimir Lyceum
20tz.magister.net;Lorentz Lyceum
ludger.magister.net;Ludger College
luzac.magister.net;Luzac Opleidingen
weert.magister.net;LVO  Weert Het College
weert.magister.net;LVO  Weert Het Kwadrant
parkstad.magister.net;LVO Parkstad
helmond.magister.net;lvo-Mavo
bisschopbekkers.magister.net;Lyceum Bisschop Bekkers
20tz.magister.net;Lyceum Elst
sanctamaria.magister.net;Lyceum Sancta Maria
schondeln.magister.net;Lyceum Schondeln
schravenlant.magister.net;Lyceum Schravenlant
20tz.magister.net;Maarten van Rossem
maaslandcollege.magister.net;Maaslandcollege
maerlant.magister.net;Maerlant College Brielle
maerlantlyceum.magister.net;Maerlant Lyceum Den Haag
maimonides.magister.net;Maimonides SG
vszh.magister.net;Marecollege Leiden
maris.magister.net;Maris College
markenhage.magister.net;Markenhage College Breda
marnix.magister.net;Marnix College
martinus.magister.net;Martinuscollege
maurick.magister.net;Maurick College
mavoroermond.magister.net;Mavo Roermond
mavoschravenlant.magister.net;Mavo Schravenlant XL
maxx.magister.net;MaxX
landstedevo.magister.net;Meander College
mediacollege.magister.net;Mediacollege Amsterdam
mendel.magister.net;Mendelcollege
mcvo.magister.net;Meridiaan College `t Hooghe Landt
mcvo.magister.net;Meridiaan College Amersfoort
zaamwest.magister.net;Meridiaan College Amsterdam
mcvo.magister.net;Meridiaan College Het Nieuwe Eemland
mcvo.magister.net;Meridiaan College Mavo Muurhuizen
mcvo.magister.net;Meridiaan College Vakcollege Amersfoort
merletcollege.magister.net;Merletcollege
stevensbeek.magister.net;Metameer
rientjes.magister.net;Mgr. A.E. Rientjes Mavo
frencken.magister.net;Mgr. Frencken College
mijnschool.magister.net;Mijnschool
millhill.magister.net;Mill Hillcollege
minkema.magister.net;Minkema College
mollerlyceum.magister.net;Mollercollege
mollerlyceum.magister.net;Mollerlyceum
mondial.magister.net;Mondial College
mondriaan.magister.net;Mondriaan VMBO Amersfoort
02YH.magister.net;Montessori College Aerdenhout
geldersmozaiek.magister.net;Montessori College Arnhem
montessori.magister.net;Montessori College Nijmegen
msa.magister.net;Montessori College Oost
msa.magister.net;Montessori Lyceum Amsterdam
hermanjordan.magister.net;Montessori Lyceum Herman Jordan
rml.magister.net;Montessori Lyceum Rotterdam
msa.magister.net;MSA
msa.magister.net;MSA IVKO
munnikenheide.magister.net;Munnikenheide College
murmellius.magister.net;Murmellius Gymnasium
newman.magister.net;Newmancollege
niftarlake.magister.net;Niftarlake College
nimeto.magister.net;Nimeto Utrecht
noorderpoort.magister.net;Noorderpoort
noorderpoortlbs.magister.net;Noorderpoort MBO
sgvvs.magister.net;Novalis College
nuborgh.magister.net;Nuborgh College
nuovo.magister.net;Nuovo
waterland.magister.net;OCL Het Waterland
olympus.magister.net;Olympus College
ommelander.magister.net;Ommelander College
mollerlyceum.magister.net;OMO Scholengroep Bergen op Zoom e.o.
helmond.magister.net;OMO Scholengroep Helmond
delangstraat.magister.net;OMO SG De Langstraat d'Oultremontcollege
delangstraat.magister.net;OMO SG De Langstraat Dr. Mollercollege Kaatsheuvel
delangstraat.magister.net;OMO SG De Langstraat Dr. Mollercollege Waalwijk
delangstraat.magister.net;OMO SG De Langstraat Walewyc
sgtongerlo.magister.net;OMO SG Tongerlo
sgtongerlo.magister.net;OMO SG Tongerlo Da Vinci College
sgtongerlo.magister.net;OMO SG Tongerlo Gertrudiscollege
sgtongerlo.magister.net;OMO SG Tongerlo Norbertuscollege
ogtilburg.magister.net;Onderwijsgroep Tilburg
ozhw.magister.net;Onderwijsgroep Zuid-Hollandse Waarden Barendrecht
olvbreda.magister.net;Onze Lieve Vrouwelyceum
oosterlicht.magister.net;Oosterlicht College
15NE.magister.net;Oost-ter-Hout School voor Praktische Vorming
griffioen.magister.net;OPDC Griffioen
opdcnk.magister.net;OPDC Noord-Kennemerland
openschoolgemeenschapbijlmer.magister.net;Open Schoolgemeenschap Bijlmer
onc.magister.net;Oranje Nassau College
orion.magister.net;Orion Lyceum
lekenlinge.magister.net;ORS Lek en Linge
oscar.magister.net;Oscar
amersfoortseberg.magister.net;OSG De Amersfoortse Berg
deeilanden.magister.net;OSG De Eilanden
dehogeberg.magister.net;OSG De Hogeberg
osghengelo.magister.net;OSG Hengelo Bataafs Lyceum
osghengelo.magister.net;OSG Hengelo Het Genseler
osghengelo.magister.net;OSG Hengelo Het Gilde College
osghengelo.magister.net;OSG Hengelo Montessori College
nieuwzuid.magister.net;OSG Nieuw Zuid
osgschoonoord.magister.net;OSG Schoonoord
sevenwolden.magister.net;OSG Sevenwolden
singelland.magister.net;OSG Singelland
sovon.magister.net;OSG Willem Blaeu
winkler.magister.net;OSG Winkler Prins
obc.magister.net;Over Betuwe College De Heister
obc.magister.net;Over Betuwe College Elst
obc.magister.net;Over Betuwe College Huissen
obc.magister.net;Over Betuwe College Junior
prnoord.magister.net;Overschie College
zaamnoord.magister.net;Over-Y College
pac.magister.net;Pallas Athene College
pcg.magister.net;Parcival College Groningen
zaamzaandam.magister.net;Pascal College
zaamzaandam.magister.net;Pascal Zuid
paulus.magister.net;Paulus Mavo/Vmbo
pcc.magister.net;Petrus Canisius College
weert.magister.net;Philips van Horne Sg.
scz.magister.net;Picasso Lyceum Zoetermeer
zaamoost.magister.net;Pieter Nieuwland College
pieterzandt.magister.net;Pieter Zandt sg.
pceckart.magister.net;Pleincollege Eckart
pceckart.magister.net;Pleincollege Nuenen
pcsintjoris.magister.net;Pleincollege Sint Joris 20AT
pcsintjoris.magister.net;Pleinschool Helder
pontessg.magister.net;Pontes Pieter Zeeman
pontessg.magister.net;Pontes Scholengroep
portamosana.magister.net;Porta Mosana College
praedinius.magister.net;Praedinius Gymnasium
sluis.magister.net;Praktijk College Spijkenisse
pro-roermond.magister.net;Praktijkonderwijs Roermond
zutphen.magister.net;Praktijkonderwijs Zutphen
sovozaanstad.magister.net;Praktijkschool De Brug
linie.magister.net;Praktijkschool de Linie
depoort.magister.net;Praktijkschool De Poort
desteiger.magister.net;Praktijkschool De Steiger
pcsintjoris.magister.net;Praktijkschool Eindhoven
focus.magister.net;Praktijkschool Focus
polsstok.magister.net;Praktijkschool Focus
pshelmond.magister.net;Praktijkschool Helmond
bolwerk.magister.net;Praktijkschool Het Bolwerk
emma.magister.net;Praktijkschool Uithoorn
csgpm.magister.net;CSG Prins Maurits
prostadskanaal.magister.net;PrO Stadskanaal
18ec.magister.net;Prof. Dr. Gunningschool
pronova.magister.net;Pronova Praktijkonderwijs
wegwijzer.magister.net;ProNovaCollege
praktijkschoolwf.magister.net;PRO-OPDC West-Friesland
psg.magister.net;Purmerendse SG Anton Gaudi
psg.magister.net;Purmerendse SG College voor Beroepsonderwijs
psg.magister.net;Purmerendse SG Da Vinci College
psg.magister.net;Purmerendse SG Jan van Egmond Lyceum
psg.magister.net;Purmerendse SG Nelson Mandela
psg.magister.net;Purmerendse SG W.J. Bladergroen
raayland.magister.net;Raayland College
recon.magister.net;Reconvalescentenschool
reeshof.magister.net;Reeshof College
reitdiep.magister.net;Reitdiep College Kamerlingh Onnes
reitdiep.magister.net;Reitdiep College Leon van Gelder
reitdiep.magister.net;Reitdiep College Simon van Hasselt
respontvso.magister.net;Respont VSO
reynaert.magister.net;Reynaertcollege
rietveldlyceum.magister.net;Rietveld Lyceum
mensoalting.magister.net;ROC Menso Alting
rocmondriaan.magister.net;ROC Mondriaan
novacollege.magister.net;ROC Nova College
rodenborch.magister.net;Rodenborch-College
roncalli.magister.net;Roncalli SG Bergen op Zoom
zaamnoord.magister.net;Rosaschool
broklede.magister.net;RSG Broklede
rsgenkhuizen.magister.net;RSG Enkhuizen
middelharnis.magister.net;RSG Goeree-Overflakkee
rhedens.magister.net;RSG Het Rhedens Dieren
rhedens.magister.net;RSG Het Rhedens Rozendaal
rsglc.magister.net;RSG Lingecollege
alvinus.magister.net;RSG Magister Alvinus Sneek
rsgno.magister.net;RSG NO Veluwe
pantarijn.magister.net;RSG Pantarijn
vestdijk.magister.net;RSG Simon Vestdijk
rsgslingerbos.magister.net;RSG Slingerbos
rsgterapel.magister.net;RSG Ter Apel
trompmeesters.magister.net;RSG Tromp Meesters
wiringherlant.magister.net;RSG Wiringherlant
vszh.magister.net;Rudolf Steiner College Rotterdam
rythovius.magister.net;Rythovius College
sgravendreef.magister.net;s Gravendreef College
sovozaanstad.magister.net;Saenredam College
sovozaanstad.magister.net;Saenstroom OPDC
smmdb.magister.net;Sancta Maria MAVO
stc.magister.net;Scheepvaart en Transport College
scholenaanzee.magister.net;Scholen aan Zee
sc-delfland.magister.net;Scholencombinatie Delfland
scz.magister.net;Scholen Combinatie Zoetermeer
weredi.magister.net;Scholengemeenschap Were Di
sgdenhaag.magister.net;Scholengroep Den Haag Zuid-West
geldersmozaiek.magister.net;Scholengroep Gelders Moza?ek
baanbreker.magister.net;School voor Praktijkonderwijs De Baanbreker
20RC.magister.net;Schoter SG
segbroek.magister.net;Segbroek College
daltonvoorburg.magister.net;SG Dalton Voorburg
overlaat.magister.net;SG De Overlaat
rietlanden.magister.net;SG de Rietlanden
waerdenborch.magister.net;SG De Waerdenborch
groenewald.magister.net;SG Groenewald
groenewoud.magister.net;SG Groenewoud
sgharreveld.magister.net;SG Harreveld
nieuwelyceum.magister.net;SG Het Nieuwe Lyceum
sgl.magister.net;SG Lelystad
davinci.magister.net;SG Leonardo Da Vinci
sgmaarsbergen.magister.net;SG Maarsbergen
mariendael.magister.net;SG Mariendael
reigersbos.magister.net;SG Reigersbos
ursula.magister.net;SG Sint Ursula
ubboemmius.magister.net;SG Ubbo Emmius
pcsintjoris.magister.net;Sint Joriscollege
odulphus.magister.net;Sint Odulphuslyceum
sv.magister.net;Sint Vituscollege
sintjans.magister.net;Sint-Janslyceum
slc.magister.net;Sint-Laurenscollege Rotterdam
sintlucasboxtel.magister.net;SintLucas Boxtel
sintlucaseindhoven.magister.net;SintLucas Eindhoven
smchv.magister.net;Sint-Maartenscollege Maastricht
sintmaartens.magister.net;Sint-Maartenscollege Voorburg
nicolaas.magister.net;Sint-Nicolaaslyceum
oelbert.magister.net;Sint-Oelbertgymnasium
stanislas.magister.net;Sint-Stanislascollege
soma.magister.net;SOMA College
sondervick.magister.net;Sondervick College
sophianum.magister.net;Sophianum
spinoza.magister.net;Spinoza Lyceum
sprengeloo.magister.net;Sprengeloo
atscholen.magister.net;St. Aloysius College Hilversum
bonifatius.magister.net;St. Bonifatiuscollege
ignatius.magister.net;St. Ignatiusgymnasium
michael.magister.net;St. Michael College
sjm.magister.net;St.-Jozefmavo Vlaardingen
sjm.magister.net;St.-Jozefschool voor MAVO Vlaardingen
stadenesch.magister.net;Stad en Esch
stanislas.magister.net;Stanislascollege
staring.magister.net;Staring College
scz.magister.net;Stedelijk College Zoetermeer
sovon.magister.net;Stedelijk Dalton College Alkmaar
sga.magister.net;Stedelijk Gymnasium Arnhem
gymnasiumbreda.magister.net;Stedelijk Gymnasium Breda
sgdenbosch.magister.net;Stedelijk Gymnasium Den Bosch
sghaarlem.magister.net;Stedelijk Gymnasium Haarlem
jvo.magister.net;Stedelijk Gymnasium Johan van Oldenbarnevelt
sgleiden.magister.net;Stedelijk Gymnasium Leiden
sgymschiedam.magister.net;Stedelijk Gymnasium Schiedam
derede.magister.net;Stedelijke SG De Rede
ssgn.magister.net;Stedelijke SG Nijmegen
stellamaris.magister.net;Stella Maris College
swc.magister.net;Stellingwerf College
gregorius.magister.net;St-Gregorius College
cvo.magister.net;Stichting CVO Apeldoorn
kolom.magister.net;Stichting Kolom
kolom.magister.net;Stichting Kolom De Atlant
kolom.magister.net;Stichting Kolom De Dreef
kolom.magister.net;Stichting Kolom Het Plein
kolom.magister.net;Stichting Kolom Noord
sgvvs.magister.net;Stichtse Vrije School
sgcl.magister.net;s Gravendreef College Leidschendam
strabrecht.magister.net;Strabrecht College
einder.magister.net;SVO De Einder
zaamzuid.magister.net;Sweelinck College
symbion.magister.net;Symbion
atrium.magister.net;t Atrium Amersfoort
wildveld.magister.net;'t Wildveld
tabor.magister.net;Tabor College
landstedevo.magister.net;Talentstad
tmcv.magister.net;Technisch en Maritiem College Velsen
tender.magister.net;Tender College Ijmuiden
terranigra.magister.net;Terra Nigra
thamen.magister.net;Thamen RKSG
theresia.magister.net;Theresialyceum
thorbecke.magister.net;Thorbecke SG Zwolle
vszh.magister.net;Tobiasschool Den Haag
sgvvs.magister.net;Tobiasschool Nijmegen
trevianum.magister.net;Trevianum Scholengroep
triascollege.magister.net;Trias College Amersfoort
sovozaanstad.magister.net;Trias VMBO
udens.magister.net;Udens College
ulenhof.magister.net;Ulenhofcollege
helmond.magister.net;Vakcollege Helmond
sgboh.magister.net;Vakcollege Sevenwolden
valuas.magister.net;Valuascollege
capellen.magister.net;Van der Capellen SG
capellen.magister.net;Van Kinsbergen college Elburg
lodenstein.magister.net;Van Lodensteincollege
pcmaerlant.magister.net;Van Maerlantlyceum Eindhoven
varendonck.magister.net;Varendonck-College
vathorst.magister.net;Vathorst College
vechtdal.magister.net;Vechtdal College
veenlanden.magister.net;VeenLanden College
20EK.magister.net;Vellesan College
veurslyceum.magister.net;Veurs Lyceum Leidschendam
veursvoorburg.magister.net;Veurs Voorburg
vhl.magister.net;Visser 't Hooft Lyceum
krijtenburg.magister.net;VMBO De Krijtenburg
via.magister.net;VMBO Ichthus Almere
geldersmozaiek.magister.net;VMBO Het Venster
vobo.magister.net;VO Best Oirschot
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam Bredero Beroepscollege
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam Bredero Lyceum
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam Bredero Mavo
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam De Berkhoff
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam Hubertus Vakschool
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam LUCA Praktijkschool
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam ROC Op Maat West
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam ROC Op Maat Zuidoost
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam Stelle College
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam Tobiasschool
vova.magister.net;Voortgezet Onderwijs van Amsterdam Westburg College
vossius.magister.net;Vossius Gymnasium
vsz.magister.net;Vrijeschool Zutphen
vcl.magister.net;Vrijzinnig-Christelijk Lyceum
piramide.magister.net;VSO De Piramide
hendrikmol.magister.net;VSO Hendrik Mol
ozhw.magister.net;Walburg College Zwijndrecht
zaamnoord.magister.net;Waterlant College
wdz.magister.net;Willem de Zwijger College Bussum
willemdezwijger.magister.net;Willem de Zwijger College Hardinxveld-Giessendam
willemdezwijger.magister.net;Willem de Zwijger College Papendrecht
wlg.magister.net;Willem Lodewijk Gymnasium
gertenbach.magister.net;Wim Gertenbach College
stebo.magister.net;Winford Amsterdam
stebo.magister.net;Winford Den Haag
stebo.magister.net;Winford Utrecht
winfordwestvoorne.magister.net;Winford Westvoorne
wolfert.magister.net;Wolfert van Borselen scholengroep
wolfert.magister.net;Wolfert van Borselen scholengroep Wolfert College
wolfert.magister.net;Wolfert van Borselen scholengroep Wolfert Dalton
wolfert.magister.net;Wolfert van Borselen scholengroep Wolfert ISK
wolfert.magister.net;Wolfert van Borselen scholengroep Wolfert Lyceum
wolfert.magister.net;Wolfert van Borselen scholengroep Wolfert PRO
wolfert.magister.net;Wolfert van Borselen scholengroep Wolfert RISS
wolfert.magister.net;Wolfert van Borselen scholengroep Wolfert Tweetalig
sovozaanstad.magister.net;Zaanlands Lyceum
zeldenruststeelant.magister.net;Zeldenrust-Steelantcollege
zernike.magister.net;Zernike College
zaamzuid.magister.net;Zuiderlicht College
zuiderzee-college.magister.net;Zuiderzee College
zuyderzee.magister.net;Zuyderzee College
zwijsen.magister.net;Zwijsen College
zwin.magister.net;Zwin College
willem2.magister.net;Koning Willem II College
derede.magister.net;SSG De Rede
niekee.magister.net;Niekee Roermond
debreul.magister.net;KSG De Breul
helicon.magister.net;Helicon vmbo
onderwijsgroeptilburg.magister.net;Frater van Gemertschool
onderwijsgroeptilburg.magister.net;Onderwijsgroep Tilburg
gregorius.magister.net;St. Gregorius College
rembrandt.magister.net;Rembrandt College
zaam.magister.net;Havo De Hof
zaam.magister.net;Zaam
obc.magister.net;OBC
obc.magister.net;Over Betuwe College
daltondordrecht.magister.net;Stedelijk Dalton Lyceum
parkstad.magister.net;Sint-Jan College
ypenburg.magister.net;Lyceum Ypenburg
tessenderlandt.magister.net;Tessenderlandt
tessenderlandt.magister.net;De la Salle
tessenderlandt.magister.net;Christoffel
